them again this time I
Meeting with the great comedian
recognized in Mexico and at
international the comedian of the tail
of horse and the sr
teachers the classmates so I
I would like to be a professional
but obviously jokes but more of that
joke that you say in each presentation
this is the father of all
a trajectory of yours and obviously the
People who make people laugh
then the responsibility to comply with
the commitment but once it's okay
so people laughed a lot before
science indicated by the work that
did you then then or not to arrive
to convince
i
morning
with its past
has strength
and any problem
it refers every time the people that I
known
a problem
in the streets thank you very much
consumers
of the eight victories other days and then
we are going to like
like us to mexico on 6
September and September 7 city
Guzman limited science so that we
they accompany friends they already know they are there
the dates are born this bridge or
gonzález see you until next time
reporting for you